docs/ContactsApi.md, before:

# swagger_client.ContactsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**object_delete_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_delete_contact) | **DELETE** /v1/object/contact/{id} | CRUD: Delete contact
[**object_get_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_get_contact) | **GET** /v1/object/contact/{id} | CRUD: Get contact
[**object_post_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_post_contact) | **POST** /v1/object/contact | CRUD: Create contact
[**object_put_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_put_contact) | **PUT** /v1/object/contact/{id} | CRUD: Update contact
[**p_ut_scrub_contact**](ContactsApi.md#p_ut_scrub_contact) | **PUT** /v1/contacts/{contactId}/scrub | Scrub contact

# **object_delete_contact**
> ProxyDeleteResponse object_delete_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Delete contact

Deletes a contact. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ContactsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Delete contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_delete_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_delete_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyDeleteResponse**](ProxyDeleteResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_get_contact**
> ProxyGetContact object_get_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)

CRUD: Get contact

Retrieves detailed information about a specific contact. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ContactsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)
fields = 'fields_example' # str | Object fields to return (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Get contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_get_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_get_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 
 **fields** | **str**| Object fields to return | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyGetContact**](ProxyGetContact.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_post_contact**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_post_contact(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Create contact

Creates a contact for a specified account. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ContactsApi()
body = swagger_client.Object() # Object | 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Create contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_post_contact(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_post_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**Object**](Object.md)|  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_put_contact**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_put_contact(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Update contact

Updates a contact for a specified account.  You can update contacts for cancelled accounts. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ContactsApi()
body = swagger_client.Object() # Object | 
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Update contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_put_contact(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_put_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**Object**](Object.md)|  | 
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_scrub_contact**
> CommonResponseType p_ut_scrub_contact(contact_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Scrub contact

 Scrubs the sensitive data of a specific contact.   You can use this operation to replace all sensitive data in a contact and its related contact snapshot with dummy values that will be stored in Zuora databases.   **Note**: To use this operation, you must ensure that the \"Scrub Sensitive Data of Contact\" billing permission is enabled in your user role. Contact your tenant administrator if you want to enable this permission. See [Scrub Contacts](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Subscription_Management/Customer_Accounts/A_How_to_Manage_Customer_Accounts/B_Key_Contacts/Scrub_Contacts) for more information. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ContactsApi()
contact_id = 'contact_id_example' # str | The ID of the contact that you want to scrub sensitive data from. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Scrub contact
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_scrub_contact(contact_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->p_ut_scrub_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **contact_id** | **str**| The ID of the contact that you want to scrub sensitive data from.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**CommonResponseType**](CommonResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

attempt to rename swagger_client namespace to zuora_client

docs/ContactsApi.md, after:

# zuora_client.ContactsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**object_delete_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_delete_contact) | **DELETE** /v1/object/contact/{id} | CRUD: Delete contact
[**object_get_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_get_contact) | **GET** /v1/object/contact/{id} | CRUD: Get contact
[**object_post_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_post_contact) | **POST** /v1/object/contact | CRUD: Create contact
[**object_put_contact**](ContactsApi.md#object_put_contact) | **PUT** /v1/object/contact/{id} | CRUD: Update contact
[**p_ut_scrub_contact**](ContactsApi.md#p_ut_scrub_contact) | **PUT** /v1/contacts/{contactId}/scrub | Scrub contact

# **object_delete_contact**
> ProxyDeleteResponse object_delete_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Delete contact

Deletes a contact. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ContactsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Delete contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_delete_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_delete_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyDeleteResponse**](ProxyDeleteResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_get_contact**
> ProxyGetContact object_get_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)

CRUD: Get contact

Retrieves detailed information about a specific contact. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ContactsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)
fields = 'fields_example' # str | Object fields to return (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Get contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_get_contact(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_get_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 
 **fields** | **str**| Object fields to return | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyGetContact**](ProxyGetContact.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_post_contact**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_post_contact(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Create contact

Creates a contact for a specified account. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ContactsApi()
body = zuora_client.Object() # Object | 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Create contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_post_contact(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_post_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**Object**](Object.md)|  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_put_contact**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_put_contact(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Update contact

Updates a contact for a specified account.  You can update contacts for cancelled accounts. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ContactsApi()
body = zuora_client.Object() # Object | 
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Update contact
    api_response = api_instance.object_put_contact(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->object_put_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**Object**](Object.md)|  | 
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_scrub_contact**
> CommonResponseType p_ut_scrub_contact(contact_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Scrub contact

 Scrubs the sensitive data of a specific contact.   You can use this operation to replace all sensitive data in a contact and its related contact snapshot with dummy values that will be stored in Zuora databases.   **Note**: To use this operation, you must ensure that the \"Scrub Sensitive Data of Contact\" billing permission is enabled in your user role. Contact your tenant administrator if you want to enable this permission. See [Scrub Contacts](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Subscription_Management/Customer_Accounts/A_How_to_Manage_Customer_Accounts/B_Key_Contacts/Scrub_Contacts) for more information. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ContactsApi()
contact_id = 'contact_id_example' # str | The ID of the contact that you want to scrub sensitive data from. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Scrub contact
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_scrub_contact(contact_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ContactsApi->p_ut_scrub_contact: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **contact_id** | **str**| The ID of the contact that you want to scrub sensitive data from.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**CommonResponseType**](CommonResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
