docs/DataQueriesApi.md, before:

# swagger_client.DataQueriesApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**d_elete_data_query_job**](DataQueriesApi.md#d_elete_data_query_job) | **DELETE** /query/jobs/{job-id} | Cancel data query job
[**g_et_data_query_job**](DataQueriesApi.md#g_et_data_query_job) | **GET** /query/jobs/{job-id} | Get data query job
[**g_et_data_query_jobs**](DataQueriesApi.md#g_et_data_query_jobs) | **GET** /query/jobs | Get data query jobs
[**p_ost_data_query_job**](DataQueriesApi.md#p_ost_data_query_job) | **POST** /query/jobs | Submit data query

# **d_elete_data_query_job**
> DeleteDataQueryJobResponse d_elete_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Cancel data query job

Cancels a [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) job, which prevents Zuora from performing the query. This operation is only applicable if the status of the query job is `accepted` or `in_progress`. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.DataQueriesApi()
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
job_id = '38400000-8cf0-11bd-b23e-10b96e4ef00d' # str | Internal identifier of the query job. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Cancel data query job
    api_response = api_instance.d_elete_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->d_elete_data_query_job: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **job_id** | [**str**](.md)| Internal identifier of the query job.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**DeleteDataQueryJobResponse**](DeleteDataQueryJobResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **g_et_data_query_job**
> GetDataQueryJobResponse g_et_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Get data query job

Retrieves a [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) job. You can use this operation to track the status of the query job and obtain the URL of the query results. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.DataQueriesApi()
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
job_id = '38400000-8cf0-11bd-b23e-10b96e4ef00d' # str | Internal identifier of the query job. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Get data query job
    api_response = api_instance.g_et_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->g_et_data_query_job: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **job_id** | [**str**](.md)| Internal identifier of the query job.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**GetDataQueryJobResponse**](GetDataQueryJobResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **g_et_data_query_jobs**
> GetDataQueryJobsResponse g_et_data_query_jobs(authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, query_status=query_status, page_size=page_size)

Get data query jobs

Returns a list of [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) jobs that have been created in your Zuora tenant. You can filter the list by status. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.DataQueriesApi()
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)
query_status = 'query_status_example' # str | Filters the list of query jobs by status.  (optional)
page_size = 56 # int | Specifies the maximum number of query jobs to return.  (optional)

try:
    # Get data query jobs
    api_response = api_instance.g_et_data_query_jobs(authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, query_status=query_status, page_size=page_size)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->g_et_data_query_jobs: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 
 **query_status** | **str**| Filters the list of query jobs by status.  | [optional] 
 **page_size** | **int**| Specifies the maximum number of query jobs to return.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**GetDataQueryJobsResponse**](GetDataQueryJobsResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ost_data_query_job**
> SubmitDataQueryResponse p_ost_data_query_job(body, authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Submit data query

Submits a [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) to be performed by Zuora and creates a query job. You can use [Get data query job](#operation/GET_DataQueryJob) to track the status of the query job and obtain the URL of the query results. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.DataQueriesApi()
body = swagger_client.SubmitDataQueryRequest() # SubmitDataQueryRequest | 
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Submit data query
    api_response = api_instance.p_ost_data_query_job(body, authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->p_ost_data_query_job: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**SubmitDataQueryRequest**](SubmitDataQueryRequest.md)|  | 
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**SubmitDataQueryResponse**](SubmitDataQueryResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

attempt to rename swagger_client namespace to zuora_client

docs/DataQueriesApi.md, after:

# zuora_client.DataQueriesApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**d_elete_data_query_job**](DataQueriesApi.md#d_elete_data_query_job) | **DELETE** /query/jobs/{job-id} | Cancel data query job
[**g_et_data_query_job**](DataQueriesApi.md#g_et_data_query_job) | **GET** /query/jobs/{job-id} | Get data query job
[**g_et_data_query_jobs**](DataQueriesApi.md#g_et_data_query_jobs) | **GET** /query/jobs | Get data query jobs
[**p_ost_data_query_job**](DataQueriesApi.md#p_ost_data_query_job) | **POST** /query/jobs | Submit data query

# **d_elete_data_query_job**
> DeleteDataQueryJobResponse d_elete_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Cancel data query job

Cancels a [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) job, which prevents Zuora from performing the query. This operation is only applicable if the status of the query job is `accepted` or `in_progress`. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.DataQueriesApi()
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
job_id = '38400000-8cf0-11bd-b23e-10b96e4ef00d' # str | Internal identifier of the query job. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Cancel data query job
    api_response = api_instance.d_elete_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->d_elete_data_query_job: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **job_id** | [**str**](.md)| Internal identifier of the query job.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**DeleteDataQueryJobResponse**](DeleteDataQueryJobResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **g_et_data_query_job**
> GetDataQueryJobResponse g_et_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Get data query job

Retrieves a [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) job. You can use this operation to track the status of the query job and obtain the URL of the query results. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.DataQueriesApi()
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
job_id = '38400000-8cf0-11bd-b23e-10b96e4ef00d' # str | Internal identifier of the query job. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Get data query job
    api_response = api_instance.g_et_data_query_job(authorization, job_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->g_et_data_query_job: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **job_id** | [**str**](.md)| Internal identifier of the query job.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**GetDataQueryJobResponse**](GetDataQueryJobResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **g_et_data_query_jobs**
> GetDataQueryJobsResponse g_et_data_query_jobs(authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, query_status=query_status, page_size=page_size)

Get data query jobs

Returns a list of [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) jobs that have been created in your Zuora tenant. You can filter the list by status. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.DataQueriesApi()
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)
query_status = 'query_status_example' # str | Filters the list of query jobs by status.  (optional)
page_size = 56 # int | Specifies the maximum number of query jobs to return.  (optional)

try:
    # Get data query jobs
    api_response = api_instance.g_et_data_query_jobs(authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, query_status=query_status, page_size=page_size)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->g_et_data_query_jobs: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 
 **query_status** | **str**| Filters the list of query jobs by status.  | [optional] 
 **page_size** | **int**| Specifies the maximum number of query jobs to return.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**GetDataQueryJobsResponse**](GetDataQueryJobsResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ost_data_query_job**
> SubmitDataQueryResponse p_ost_data_query_job(body, authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

Submit data query

Submits a [data query](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/BA_Data_Query) to be performed by Zuora and creates a query job. You can use [Get data query job](#operation/GET_DataQueryJob) to track the status of the query job and obtain the URL of the query results. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.DataQueriesApi()
body = zuora_client.SubmitDataQueryRequest() # SubmitDataQueryRequest | 
authorization = 'authorization_example' # str | `Bearer {token}` for a valid OAuth token. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # Submit data query
    api_response = api_instance.p_ost_data_query_job(body, authorization, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DataQueriesApi->p_ost_data_query_job: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**SubmitDataQueryRequest**](SubmitDataQueryRequest.md)|  | 
 **authorization** | **str**| &#x60;Bearer {token}&#x60; for a valid OAuth token.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**SubmitDataQueryResponse**](SubmitDataQueryResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
