docs/EntityConnectionsApi.md, before:

# swagger_client.EntityConnectionsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**g_et_entity_connections**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#g_et_entity_connections) | **GET** /v1/entity-connections | Multi-entity: Get connections
[**p_ost_entity_connections**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ost_entity_connections) | **POST** /v1/entity-connections | Multi-entity: Initiate connection
[**p_ut_entity_connections_accept**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ut_entity_connections_accept) | **PUT** /v1/entity-connections/{connection-id}/accept | Multi-entity: Accept connection
[**p_ut_entity_connections_deny**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ut_entity_connections_deny) | **PUT** /v1/entity-connections/{connection-id}/deny | Multi-entity: Deny connection
[**p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect) | **PUT** /v1/entity-connections/{connection-id}/disconnect | Multi-entity: Disconnect connection

# **g_et_entity_connections**
> GETEntityConnectionsResponseType g_et_entity_connections(zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, page_size=page_size, type=type)

Multi-entity: Get connections

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Retrieves information about certain connections for a specified entity. You can specify the entity to retrieve in the `Zuora-Entity-Ids` request header.  You can retrieve:  - Inbound connections  - Outbound connections  - Both inbound and outbound connections  ## User Access Permission You can make the call as any entity user.  

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
page_size = 56 # int | Number of rows returned per page.  (optional)
type = 'type_example' # str | Specifies whether to retrieve inbound or outbound connections for an entity.  Possible values:  - `inbound`: All the incoming connections to the entity.  - `outbound`: All the outgoing connections from the entity.  If you do not specify this field in the request, both the inbound and outbound connections are returned.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Get connections
    api_response = api_instance.g_et_entity_connections(zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, page_size=page_size, type=type)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->g_et_entity_connections: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **page_size** | **int**| Number of rows returned per page.  | [optional] 
 **type** | **str**| Specifies whether to retrieve inbound or outbound connections for an entity.  Possible values:  - &#x60;inbound&#x60;: All the incoming connections to the entity.  - &#x60;outbound&#x60;: All the outgoing connections from the entity.  If you do not specify this field in the request, both the inbound and outbound connections are returned.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**GETEntityConnectionsResponseType**](GETEntityConnectionsResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ost_entity_connections**
> POSTEntityConnectionsResponseType p_ost_entity_connections(body=body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Initiate connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Initiates a connection request from a source entity to a target entity.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as a source entity administrator. Also, this administrator must have permission to access to the target entity. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
body = swagger_client.POSTEntityConnectionsType() # POSTEntityConnectionsType |  (optional)
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Initiate connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ost_entity_connections(body=body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ost_entity_connections: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**POSTEntityConnectionsType**](POSTEntityConnectionsType.md)|  | [optional] 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**POSTEntityConnectionsResponseType**](POSTEntityConnectionsResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_entity_connections_accept**
> PUTEntityConnectionsAcceptResponseType p_ut_entity_connections_accept(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Accept connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Accepts a connection request.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as an entity administrator to accept a connection request. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
connection_id = 'connection_id_example' # str | The ID of the connection that you want to accept. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Accept connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_entity_connections_accept(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ut_entity_connections_accept: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **connection_id** | **str**| The ID of the connection that you want to accept.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PUTEntityConnectionsAcceptResponseType**](PUTEntityConnectionsAcceptResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_entity_connections_deny**
> PUTEntityConnectionsDenyResponseType p_ut_entity_connections_deny(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Deny connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Denies a connection request.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as an entity administrator to deny a connection request. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
connection_id = 'connection_id_example' # str | The ID of the connection that you want to deny. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Deny connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_entity_connections_deny(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ut_entity_connections_deny: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **connection_id** | **str**| The ID of the connection that you want to deny.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PUTEntityConnectionsDenyResponseType**](PUTEntityConnectionsDenyResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect**
> PUTEntityConnectionsDisconnectResponseType p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Disconnect connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Disconnects an established connection. If you have shared objects from a global entity to a target entity, disconnecting the connection will break the mapping relationship between these entities and cannot be recovered later.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as an administrator of the target entity or source entity. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
connection_id = 'connection_id_example' # str | The ID of the connection that you want to disconnect. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Disconnect connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **connection_id** | **str**| The ID of the connection that you want to disconnect.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PUTEntityConnectionsDisconnectResponseType**](PUTEntityConnectionsDisconnectResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

attempt to rename swagger_client namespace to zuora_client

docs/EntityConnectionsApi.md, after:

# zuora_client.EntityConnectionsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**g_et_entity_connections**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#g_et_entity_connections) | **GET** /v1/entity-connections | Multi-entity: Get connections
[**p_ost_entity_connections**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ost_entity_connections) | **POST** /v1/entity-connections | Multi-entity: Initiate connection
[**p_ut_entity_connections_accept**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ut_entity_connections_accept) | **PUT** /v1/entity-connections/{connection-id}/accept | Multi-entity: Accept connection
[**p_ut_entity_connections_deny**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ut_entity_connections_deny) | **PUT** /v1/entity-connections/{connection-id}/deny | Multi-entity: Deny connection
[**p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect**](EntityConnectionsApi.md#p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect) | **PUT** /v1/entity-connections/{connection-id}/disconnect | Multi-entity: Disconnect connection

# **g_et_entity_connections**
> GETEntityConnectionsResponseType g_et_entity_connections(zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, page_size=page_size, type=type)

Multi-entity: Get connections

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Retrieves information about certain connections for a specified entity. You can specify the entity to retrieve in the `Zuora-Entity-Ids` request header.  You can retrieve:  - Inbound connections  - Outbound connections  - Both inbound and outbound connections  ## User Access Permission You can make the call as any entity user.  

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
page_size = 56 # int | Number of rows returned per page.  (optional)
type = 'type_example' # str | Specifies whether to retrieve inbound or outbound connections for an entity.  Possible values:  - `inbound`: All the incoming connections to the entity.  - `outbound`: All the outgoing connections from the entity.  If you do not specify this field in the request, both the inbound and outbound connections are returned.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Get connections
    api_response = api_instance.g_et_entity_connections(zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, page_size=page_size, type=type)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->g_et_entity_connections: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **page_size** | **int**| Number of rows returned per page.  | [optional] 
 **type** | **str**| Specifies whether to retrieve inbound or outbound connections for an entity.  Possible values:  - &#x60;inbound&#x60;: All the incoming connections to the entity.  - &#x60;outbound&#x60;: All the outgoing connections from the entity.  If you do not specify this field in the request, both the inbound and outbound connections are returned.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**GETEntityConnectionsResponseType**](GETEntityConnectionsResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ost_entity_connections**
> POSTEntityConnectionsResponseType p_ost_entity_connections(body=body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Initiate connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Initiates a connection request from a source entity to a target entity.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as a source entity administrator. Also, this administrator must have permission to access to the target entity. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
body = zuora_client.POSTEntityConnectionsType() # POSTEntityConnectionsType |  (optional)
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Initiate connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ost_entity_connections(body=body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ost_entity_connections: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**POSTEntityConnectionsType**](POSTEntityConnectionsType.md)|  | [optional] 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**POSTEntityConnectionsResponseType**](POSTEntityConnectionsResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_entity_connections_accept**
> PUTEntityConnectionsAcceptResponseType p_ut_entity_connections_accept(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Accept connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Accepts a connection request.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as an entity administrator to accept a connection request. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
connection_id = 'connection_id_example' # str | The ID of the connection that you want to accept. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Accept connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_entity_connections_accept(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ut_entity_connections_accept: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **connection_id** | **str**| The ID of the connection that you want to accept.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PUTEntityConnectionsAcceptResponseType**](PUTEntityConnectionsAcceptResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_entity_connections_deny**
> PUTEntityConnectionsDenyResponseType p_ut_entity_connections_deny(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Deny connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Denies a connection request.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as an entity administrator to deny a connection request. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
connection_id = 'connection_id_example' # str | The ID of the connection that you want to deny. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Deny connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_entity_connections_deny(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ut_entity_connections_deny: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **connection_id** | **str**| The ID of the connection that you want to deny.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PUTEntityConnectionsDenyResponseType**](PUTEntityConnectionsDenyResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect**
> PUTEntityConnectionsDisconnectResponseType p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)

Multi-entity: Disconnect connection

**Note:** The Multi-entity feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  Disconnects an established connection. If you have shared objects from a global entity to a target entity, disconnecting the connection will break the mapping relationship between these entities and cannot be recovered later.  ## User Access Permission You must make the call as an administrator of the target entity or source entity. 

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.EntityConnectionsApi()
connection_id = 'connection_id_example' # str | The ID of the connection that you want to disconnect. 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)

try:
    # Multi-entity: Disconnect connection
    api_response = api_instance.p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect(connection_id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling EntityConnectionsApi->p_ut_entity_connections_disconnect: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **connection_id** | **str**| The ID of the connection that you want to disconnect.  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PUTEntityConnectionsDisconnectResponseType**](PUTEntityConnectionsDisconnectResponseType.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
