# POSTSubscriptionCancellationType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**apply_credit_balance** | **bool** | Applies a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.   To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.  | [optional] 
**cancellation_effective_date** | **date** | Date the cancellation takes effect, in the format yyyy-mm-dd.  Use only if &#x60;cancellationPolicy&#x60; is &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;. Should not be earlier than the subscription contract-effective date, later than the subscription term-end date, or within a period for which the customer has been invoiced.  | [optional] 
**cancellation_policy** | **str** | Cancellation method. Possible values are: &#x60;EndOfCurrentTerm&#x60;, &#x60;EndOfLastInvoicePeriod&#x60;, &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;. If using &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;, the &#x60;cancellationEffectiveDate&#x60; field is required.  | 
**collect** | **bool** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: The &#x60;invoice&#x60; or &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;196.0&#x60; or later.  | [optional] [default to False]
**document_date** | **date** | The date of the billing document, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. It represents the invoice date for invoices, credit memo date for credit memos, and debit memo date for debit memos.  - If this field is specified, the specified date is used as the billing document date.  - If this field is not specified, the date specified in the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; is used as the billing document date.  | [optional] 
**invoice** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.    This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;196.0&#x60; and &#x60;207.0&#x60;. To use this field in the method, you must set the zuora-version parameter to the minor version number in the request header.   | [optional] 
**invoice_collect** | **bool** | This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.  If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is generated and payment automatically collected.  **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;186.0&#x60;, &#x60;187.0&#x60;, &#x60;188.0&#x60;, or &#x60;189.0&#x60;.  | [default to False]
**invoice_target_date** | **date** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.    | [optional] 
**run_billing** | **bool** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Invoice_Settlement/Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_Generating_Invoices_and_Credit_Memos).     The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to False]
**target_date** | **date** | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   **Note:** The credit memo is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


