docs/ProductsApi.md, before:

# swagger_client.ProductsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**object_delete_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_delete_product) | **DELETE** /v1/object/product/{id} | CRUD: Delete Product
[**object_get_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_get_product) | **GET** /v1/object/product/{id} | CRUD: Retrieve Product
[**object_post_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_post_product) | **POST** /v1/object/product | CRUD: Create Product
[**object_put_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_put_product) | **PUT** /v1/object/product/{id} | CRUD: Update Product

# **object_delete_product**
> ProxyDeleteResponse object_delete_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Delete Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ProductsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Delete Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_delete_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_delete_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyDeleteResponse**](ProxyDeleteResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_get_product**
> ProxyGetProduct object_get_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)

CRUD: Retrieve Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ProductsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)
fields = 'fields_example' # str | Object fields to return (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Retrieve Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_get_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_get_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 
 **fields** | **str**| Object fields to return | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyGetProduct**](ProxyGetProduct.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_post_product**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_post_product(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Create Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ProductsApi()
body = swagger_client.ProxyCreateProduct() # ProxyCreateProduct | 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Create Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_post_product(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_post_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**ProxyCreateProduct**](ProxyCreateProduct.md)|  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_put_product**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_put_product(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Update Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ProductsApi()
body = swagger_client.ProxyModifyProduct() # ProxyModifyProduct | 
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Update Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_put_product(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_put_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**ProxyModifyProduct**](ProxyModifyProduct.md)|  | 
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

attempt to rename swagger_client namespace to zuora_client

docs/ProductsApi.md, after:

# zuora_client.ProductsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.zuora.com/*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**object_delete_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_delete_product) | **DELETE** /v1/object/product/{id} | CRUD: Delete Product
[**object_get_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_get_product) | **GET** /v1/object/product/{id} | CRUD: Retrieve Product
[**object_post_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_post_product) | **POST** /v1/object/product | CRUD: Create Product
[**object_put_product**](ProductsApi.md#object_put_product) | **PUT** /v1/object/product/{id} | CRUD: Update Product

# **object_delete_product**
> ProxyDeleteResponse object_delete_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Delete Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ProductsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Delete Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_delete_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_delete_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyDeleteResponse**](ProxyDeleteResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_get_product**
> ProxyGetProduct object_get_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)

CRUD: Retrieve Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ProductsApi()
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)
fields = 'fields_example' # str | Object fields to return (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Retrieve Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_get_product(id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id, fields=fields)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_get_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 
 **fields** | **str**| Object fields to return | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyGetProduct**](ProxyGetProduct.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_post_product**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_post_product(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Create Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ProductsApi()
body = zuora_client.ProxyCreateProduct() # ProxyCreateProduct | 
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Create Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_post_product(body, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_post_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**ProxyCreateProduct**](ProxyCreateProduct.md)|  | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

# **object_put_product**
> ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse object_put_product(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)

CRUD: Update Product

### Example
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import zuora_client
from zuora_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = zuora_client.ProductsApi()
body = zuora_client.ProxyModifyProduct() # ProxyModifyProduct | 
id = 'id_example' # str | Object id
zuora_entity_ids = 'zuora_entity_ids_example' # str | An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  (optional)
zuora_track_id = 'zuora_track_id_example' # str | A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (`:`), semicolon (`;`), double quote (`\"`), and quote (`'`).  (optional)

try:
    # CRUD: Update Product
    api_response = api_instance.object_put_product(body, id, zuora_entity_ids=zuora_entity_ids, zuora_track_id=zuora_track_id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ProductsApi->object_put_product: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**ProxyModifyProduct**](ProxyModifyProduct.md)|  | 
 **id** | **str**| Object id | 
 **zuora_entity_ids** | **str**| An entity ID. If you have [Zuora Multi-entity](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Multi-entity) enabled and the OAuth token is valid for more than one entity, you must use this header to specify which entity to perform the operation in. If the OAuth token is only valid for a single entity, or you do not have Zuora Multi-entity enabled, you do not need to set this header.  | [optional] 
 **zuora_track_id** | **str**| A custom identifier for tracing the API call. If you set a value for this header, Zuora returns the same value in the response headers. This header enables you to associate your system process identifiers with Zuora API calls, to assist with troubleshooting in the event of an issue.  The value of this field must use the US-ASCII character set and must not include any of the following characters: colon (&#x60;:&#x60;), semicolon (&#x60;;&#x60;), double quote (&#x60;\&quot;&#x60;), and quote (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;).  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse**](ProxyCreateOrModifyResponse.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json; charset=utf-8
 - **Accept**: application/json; charset=utf-8, application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
