# PUTSubscriptionType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cpq_bundle_json_id__qt** | **str** | The Bundle product structures from Zuora Quotes if you utilize Bundling in Salesforce. Do not change the value in this field.  | [optional] 
**opportunity_close_date__qt** | **date** | The closing date of the Opportunity. This field is used in Zuora data sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes.  | [optional] 
**opportunity_name__qt** | **str** | The unique identifier of the Opportunity. This field is used in Zuora data sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes.  | [optional] 
**quote_business_type__qt** | **str** | The specific identifier for the type of business transaction the Quote represents such as New, Upsell, Downsell, Renewal or Churn. This field is used in Zuora data sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes.  | [optional] 
**quote_number__qt** | **str** | The unique identifier of the Quote. This field is used in Zuora data sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes.  | [optional] 
**quote_type__qt** | **str** | The Quote type that represents the subscription lifecycle stage such as New, Amendment, Renew or Cancel. This field is used in Zuora data sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes.  | [optional] 
**integration_id__ns** | **str** | ID of the corresponding object in NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**integration_status__ns** | **str** | Status of the subscription&#39;s synchronization with NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**project__ns** | **str** | The NetSuite project that the subscription was created from. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**sales_order__ns** | **str** | The NetSuite sales order than the subscription was created from. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**sync_date__ns** | **str** | Date when the subscription was synchronized with NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**add** | [**list[PUTSrpAddType]**](PUTSrpAddType.md) | Container for adding one or more rate plans.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit_balance** | **bool** | Applies a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.   To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.  | [optional] 
**auto_renew** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, this subscription automatically renews at the end of the subscription term. Default is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**collect** | **bool** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: The &#x60;invoice&#x60; or &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;196.0&#x60; or later.  | [optional] [default to False]
**current_term** | **int** | The length of the period for the current subscription term. If &#x60;termType&#x60; is &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, this field is required and must be greater than &#x60;0&#x60;. If &#x60;termType&#x60; is &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;, this value is ignored. Default is &#x60;0&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**current_term_period_type** | **str** | The period type for the current subscription term.  This field is used with the &#x60;CurrentTerm&#x60; field to specify the current subscription term.  Values are:  * &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) * &#x60;Year&#x60; * &#x60;Day&#x60; * &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] 
**document_date** | **date** | The date of the billing document, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. It represents the invoice date for invoices, credit memo date for credit memos, and debit memo date for debit memos.  - If this field is specified, the specified date is used as the billing document date.  - If this field is not specified, the date specified in the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; is used as the billing document date.  | [optional] 
**include_existing_draft_doc_items** | **bool** | Specifies whether to include draft invoice items in subscription previews. Values are:  * &#x60;true&#x60; (default). Includes draft invoice items in the preview result. * &#x60;false&#x60;. Excludes draft invoice items in the preview result.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 207.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the **zuora-version** parameter to the minor version number in the request header. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] 
**include_existing_draft_invoice_items** | **bool** | Specifies whether to include draft invoice items in subscription previews. Values are:  * &#x60;true&#x60; (default). Includes draft invoice items in the preview result. * &#x60;false&#x60;. Excludes draft invoice items in the preview result.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] 
**invoice** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.    This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;196.0&#x60; and &#x60;207.0&#x60;. To use this field in the method, you must set the zuora-version parameter to the minor version number in the request header.   | [optional] 
**invoice_collect** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.   If &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is generated and payment collected automatically during the subscription process. If &#x60;false&#x60;, no invoicing or payment takes place.  The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;186.0&#x60;, &#x60;187.0&#x60;, &#x60;188.0&#x60;, or &#x60;189.0&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to False]
**invoice_separately** | **bool** | Separates a single subscription from other subscriptions and invoices the charge independently.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the subscription is billed separately from other subscriptions. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, the subscription is included with other subscriptions in the account invoice.  The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Prerequisite: The default subscription setting Enable Subscriptions to be Invoiced Separately must be set to Yes.  | [optional] 
**invoice_target_date** | **date** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.    | [optional] 
**notes** | **str** | String of up to 500 characters.  | [optional] 
**preview** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60; the update is made in preview mode. The default setting is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**preview_type** | **str** | The type of preview you will receive.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. The supported values of this field depend on the REST API minor version you specified in the request header.   * If you do not specify the REST API minor version or specify the minor version number to one of following values in the request header:    * 186.0   * 187.0   * 188.0   * 189.0   * 196.0     The following values are supported in the **previewType** field:    * InvoiceItem   * ChargeMetrics   * InvoiceItemChargeMetrics    The default value is InvoiceItem.  * If you specify the REST API minor version to 207.0 or later in the request header, the following values are supported in the **previewType** field:    - LegalDoc   - ChargeMetrics   - LegalDocChargeMetrics    The default value is LegalDoc.  See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] 
**remove** | [**list[PUTSrpRemoveType]**](PUTSrpRemoveType.md) | Container for removing one or more rate plans.  | [optional] 
**renewal_setting** | **str** | Specifies whether a termed subscription will remain &#x60;TERMED&#x60; or change to &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60; when it is renewed.   Values are:  * &#x60;RENEW_WITH_SPECIFIC_TERM&#x60; (default) * &#x60;RENEW_TO_EVERGREEN&#x60;  | [optional] 
**renewal_term** | **int** | The length of the period for the subscription renewal term. Default is &#x60;0&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**renewal_term_period_type** | **str** |  The period type for the subscription renewal term.  This field is used with the &#x60;renewalTerm&#x60; field to specify the subscription renewal term.  Values are:  * &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) * &#x60;Year&#x60; * &#x60;Day&#x60; * &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] 
**run_billing** | **bool** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Invoice_Settlement/Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_Generating_Invoices_and_Credit_Memos).     The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to False]
**target_date** | **date** | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   **Note:** The credit memo is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 
**term_start_date** | **date** | Date the subscription term begins, as yyyy-mm-dd. If this is a renewal subscription, this date is different from the subscription start date.   | [optional] 
**term_type** | **str** | Possible values are: &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**update** | [**list[PUTSrpUpdateType]**](PUTSrpUpdateType.md) | Container for updating one or more rate plans.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


